Title : LUN-0001-Verify Lun Accessibility from Storage Page
Test Objective : Verify Lun page is accessible and show correctly
Test Procedure : Go to Lun page
Expected Results : Verify that the Lun page and all LUNS show correctly

Title : LUN-0002-Verify LUNS Creation
Test Objectives : Verify user can create one or multiple LUNs succefully
Test Procedure : Select one project, create LUNs, try different LUN name with right/wrong format, try valid/invalid format of LUN size, try more than one initiator group, try other attribution and check whether they are created succefully in the LUN page and Storage Console.
Expected Results : if the format of LUN attributions are right, the creation will be done successfully and can be seen in the Storage Console, otherwise will fail.

Title : LUN-0003-Verify LUNs Edition
Test Objectives : Verify user can edit LUNs succefully
Test Procedure : Select one LUN, edit it with valid attribution value and check it is consistent between lun page and Storage Console.
		 Select one LUN, edit it with invalid attribution value.
Expected Results : When editing the LUN with valid value, the lun edit successfully and consistent between lun page and Storage Console.
	 	   When editing the LUN with invalid value, the lun will not be changed and user will get the proper error message.
				 
Title : LUN-0004-Verify LUNs Deletion
Test Objectives : Verify user can delete LUNs succefully.
Test Procedure : Select one LUN,delete it and check whether it is deleted successfully in the lun page and Storage Console.
Expected Results : The deletion will be successfully if the attributions are properly. Otherwise, user will get the proper error message.

Title : LUN-0005-Verify LUNs Export
Test Objectives : Verify user can export LUNs succefully
Test Procedure : Select one LUN, export it to a host and check whether it can be exported successfully and consistent between storage and host.
		 Try export LUNs to valid/invalid host, try export LUNs to different host platform
Expected Results : The export will be successfully if the attribution are properly. Otherwise, user will get the proper error message.	
		   The LUN data in Storage and host is consistent.
		   All tasks that export LUNs to valid host will be successfully and failed to invalid host.
		   All tasks that export to supported host platform will be successfully.

Title : LUN-0006-Verify LUN un-export
Test Objectives : Verify user can un-export LUNs succefully
Test Procedure : Select one exported LUN and un-exported it and check whether it can be un-export successfully and consitent between storage and host.
Expected Results : The un-export will be successfully if the attribution are properly. Ohterwise user will get proper error message.
		   The Lun data is consisten during LUN un-export .

Title : LUN-0007-Verify Retrieve LUN Information
Test Objectives : Verify user can retrieve LUN information succefully
Test Procedure : Try to retrieve LUN by size and export anc check the result show correctly
Expected Results : When retrieve LUN by size, the LUNs that match the size request will show correctly.
		   When retrieve LUN by export information, the LUNs that match the export request will show correctly.

Title : LUN-0008-Verify Concurrent Request is Supported
Test Objectives : Verify storage support concurrent request.
Test Procedure : Try to create multiple LUNs with same/different name at the same time.
		 Try to edit the same LUN and commit it at the same time.
		 Try to delete the smae LUN at the same time.
		 Try to export/un-export same LUN at the same time.
Expected Results : When create two LUNs with same name, one of task will be successfully and the other will failed.
		   When create multiple LUNs with different name, all tasks will be successfully.
		   When edit the same LUN, all tasks will be successfully and the result is consisten to one edition.
		   When delete the smae LUN,one of task will be successfully and the others will failed. The failed task will get properly error message.
		   When export same LUN,all tasks will be successfully.
		   When un-export same LUN, one of task will be successfully and the others will failed. The faild task will get properly error message.

Title : LUN-0009-Verify LUN management performance
Test Objectives : Verify perfomance is not impacted no matter how many LUN are created and exported
Test Procedure : Create a big project that has many LUNs and exported LUNs, and check the LUN creation/edition/deletion/export can run successfully and how much time consumed
Expected Results :When storage has many LUNs, the LUN creation/edition/deletion/export can run successfully and the time consumed is accepted
